Don't talk to me in a commanding tone.
What? Just kidding!
Chen Xuan! Help us!
It was careless at the time, but was the substitution a substitution?
This group of Feng Zi really deserved to die early.
Chen Xuan, as long as you cooperate with me,
Otherwise, it will be right in front of you,
One by one, kill them all.
They are all innocent, no,
You are too ordinary, can you go with your conscience?
Ordinary people, my parents are also ordinary people,
Didn’t they resist when they were killed?
That’s right!
Am I still going to die? Chen Xue
As long as you hand over the blood
I'll let him go
Your parents are colleagues
Then these villagers who were written down by you are not the ones that no one writes about
Now you are the same as they were back then, so don’t waste words and no one will write.
You can't use this thing
Not many people know how to do it, brother?
This is the joint family where Xiaogui wrote the house number.
Not just for your grandfather's sake, right?
Your pussy is pretty good, give it to me
what are you